[CAS-647] Create channel use case (#1701)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: UNRELEASED_CHANGELOG.md

### ⬆️ Improved

### ✅ Added

> - ChatDomain::createDistinctChannel function was added as a use-case for creation a channel based on it's members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ChatDomain::createDistinctChannel` function was added as a use-case for creating a channel based on its members.
```
